README.md, before:

# Deploy a high availability web app using cloudformation

## Project overview

in this project we will deploy a web application using cloudformation with the same inframation as the following diagram

![project diagram](images/infrastructure_diagram.jpeg)

#### Find me in social media

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?style=flat&labelColor=black&logo=github&logoColor=white "Github")](https://github.com/ahmed-gharib89 "Github")
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white "LinkedIn")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/agharib89/ "LinkedIn")
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Facebook-informational?style=flat&labelColor=informational&logo=facebook&logoColor=white "Facebook")](https://www.facebook.com/a.gharib89/)
[![Whatsapp](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Whatsapp-brightgreen?style=flat&labelColor=brightgreen&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=whiteg "Whatsapp")](https://wa.me/201096995535?text=Hello)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-c13584?style=flat&labelColor=c13584&logo=instagram&logoColor=white "Instagram")](https://www.instagram.com/ahmed.gharib89/)

Commit message:

Documentation: Add link to the webapp in README.md

README.md, after:

# Deploy a high availability web app using cloudformation

you can follow this [link](http://serve-webap-1jvfwqcekhg29-2124251324.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com) to check for the web app.
## Project overview

in this project we will deploy a web application using cloudformation with the same inframation as the following diagram

![project diagram](images/infrastructure_diagram.jpeg)

#### Find me in social media

[![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-black?style=flat&labelColor=black&logo=github&logoColor=white "Github")](https://github.com/ahmed-gharib89 "Github")
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white "LinkedIn")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/agharib89/ "LinkedIn")
[![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Facebook-informational?style=flat&labelColor=informational&logo=facebook&logoColor=white "Facebook")](https://www.facebook.com/a.gharib89/)
[![Whatsapp](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Whatsapp-brightgreen?style=flat&labelColor=brightgreen&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=whiteg "Whatsapp")](https://wa.me/201096995535?text=Hello)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-c13584?style=flat&labelColor=c13584&logo=instagram&logoColor=white "Instagram")](https://www.instagram.com/ahmed.gharib89/)
